yeah what it is out is the number one
giddy boy ching-a-ling and right now we
chillin right here in cali a nice ship
pomona and you're watching hand TV you
dig hey
Ashton Shane hear your guest codes for
night shift pomona california if you
guys aren't here let me tell you you are
missing out we've got fabulous ride
we've got gorgeous models and we've got
drifting this is the first time that
night ship has come to pomona california
and let me tell you you guys in here
right now
where's my mates here at nitrogen simona
with a very beautiful Erica Medina who
is our winner of the bikini competition
who are you today what did you do to win
it I just revisit my thing and they like
a bikini again I throw in a little booty
I got a little bit but not too much so
what do you think about Nations it's
just very it's been awesome there's a
lot of people the end round and
everybody else is great all about you
right our bikini winner Oh can people
see you on can see you call checking out
here in the medina gonna we got it phone
oh that's a car winner we have fabulous
my situation and sometimes I know you
get attention but you don't put on a
show to get our faces take your pick go
to litigation and I respect you get your
swimmies your night shift pomona
fabulous just came on stage what was it
like Rios all man's real good as you can
see my voice is hoarse so you know we
had a good time up there was feeling you
out there what did you think about oh I
had a great time and I love the energy
at a proud i gave them as much anything
they gave me but only bc c we closely
you can see we have you guys introduce
yourself name is Paul Kane Street family
I say okay underboss young tight sweet
family no I heard given new album coming
on me what's name of the album name of
the album's feel of us i'll make sure
you get that new single diamonds out
right now reaching a wholly-owned Jesus
what's going down is there anywhere else
we can see you anything else you going
on besides the hospital yeah yeah I'm
all over the role you know me so you're
gonna see me all over country and check
out the myspace page myspace.com /
fabulous well so if i send you a friend
request to even accept me i will look so
will you accept all the fanfare nation
will soon everybody at night shift
you're blinding me here with the link i
wonder where was this my name's nice
your kimonos magdalen college
what's up everyone ursula mays here at
night shift pomona with the one and only
Chingy how are you tonight I'm good I'm
the one and only I guess I'll tell you
right now there's a lot of people back
there waiting to hear you perform
tonight is there anything you want to
say to the hidden city fan I just want
to say I appreciate your support man
supporting your boy ching-a-ling I
really appreciate that from the bottom
of my heart good story album in stores
Powerball jackpot would ya goin on right
we got a lot of stuff coming up man by
the beginning to this fam thing so i'll
be looking for your boy on the big
screen now how did you come up with the
name Chingy actually that was the main
my homeboys had for like people with
money so like you see somebody wrote
down the street now navigating we'd be
like they change you know yeah I don't
know if there was Chingy because you're
sort of have like the Asian look a
little bit so where are you originally
from I'm from st. Louis is over yeah
well in a park no sir so you guys
remember check out Chingy pick up his
album check out the clothing line and
big project coming out there you just
look out that's all I can tell you just
look out because it's gonna be some
things going on with chip against
another me here at night your photo wow
what an exciting show we have here
tonight next on high 249 Chicago
you